well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so guess we got to talk about
aoc she's lost her mind lost her mind I
don't know if you've seen those tweets
coming from a OC press insane stuff
setting that like returning Isis brides
are more important than our own veterans
stuff like that I mean shocking stuff
stuff that should just be unbelievable
completely unbelievable so unbelievable
that you would have to doubt that it was
real
and you should doubt that it's real
because it's not a OC press is a parody
account it even says that it's a parody
account but that hasn't stopped hundreds
of people from replying to these tweets
calling her an idiot and that's I mean
that's funny
you're too dense to realize you're
you're witnessing satire and man anyway
and it is funny but it belies a couple
of huge issues a couple of huge issues
the it shows very clearly that the
right-wing rage machine in this country
well they know their audience is dumb
they know their audience is stupid
they're playing on it they're counting
on the gullibility of these people
there they're using low information
voters to swing elections the person
that can't tell that these things are
false their vote counts just as much as
yours it's terrifying terrifying the
other thing that it shows is the
polarization in this country and how
susceptible people are to confirmation
bias
if you don't like somebody and hear
something bad about them
well you're gonna believe it even if
it's ridiculous
on its face but the other thing it shows
is the left-wing bias in this country
and the media especially because you
know everybody's talking about aoc some
stupid waitress let's be honest
meanwhile there's that other girl and I
can't remember her name but she's up
there on Capitol Hill she just got
elected too and she's got this really
impressive resume but nobody's talking
about her you know every year there's a
competition science and engineering in
d.c 1,500 people she placed second for
something in microbiology
she's got a graduated top of her class I
want to say come Lada with a degree in
international relations and economics no
he's talking about her I guess that's
not noteworthy she has an asteroid named
after her but that's cool and when she
was 19 because she's bilingual
when she was interning in another
congressman's office she had to deal
with immigration stuff at 19 years old
she's talking to people whose families
have been kidnapped by ice trying to
calm them down she's not worth talking
about though it's crazy just insane and
it shows the left-wing bias in this
country anyway you know what that same
girl come to think of it and as a
private citizen
she even dipped her dip their toes into
the controversies surrounding Flint and
Standing Rock haven't seen any coverage
about that though it's crazy and it's
all because it's left-wing bias in the
media it's that simple I mean you don't
even see that on Fox News they're not
even talking about her it's insane
anyway it's just a fault you all have a
good night